this september saster annual the seventh
session annual is finally back we're
finally back in the real world
at the very end of september we'll be
back at the san mateo county fairgrounds
just south of san francisco just north
of palo alto
uh outdoors we'll do the first outdoor
saster annual um
first 100 vaccinated saster annual on
over 40 acres at the fairground it'll be
fun it'll be a little bit like a
coachella for sass
um and we'll have tons of great speakers
out at the ceos of datadog ceos of vimeo
ceos of y combinator president of
shopify and so much more we'll also have
a digital component too because we've
gotten pretty good at that but please
it's time to get back together uh and if
you can if you're vaccinated and you can
get to the sf barrier in september
please join us at sasseranual.com